https://codepen.io/Ivecomeforyourpickle/pen/XWJbQdR?editors=1000
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Meaningful HTML
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Building the basics and structure of a site.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Modifier of an element type and put at the beginning of an opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Heading a site and putting the largest size text inside.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    class and an id.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>
    7. What is an id? 
    the name of a SPECIFIC element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add an ID to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once.
    10. What is a class? 
    A less specific but not universal element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    You can add a class to any element. 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    As many times as you want.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    anchor tag!
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
    The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section defines a whole section and div doesn't have any meaning unless added to a class or other attribute.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Front end styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is preceeded by "" and an ID is preceeded by a # You would use a class when you want to call on a number of things in one area and an ID when you want to call on one specific item.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class {

    }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {

    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    selects all elements that are a child of the specified element. When you need to select a direct descendant of a parent selector.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar {

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Its a selector that selects elements in a certain state ie; a:hover {}
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-spacing:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    uppercase: lowercase: capitalize:
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px;
    border-style: dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    <!-- -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It helps to collaberate.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    once before lunch and once before you go home.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, add TL, cd .., clone, cd, code . , git checkout -b Laura-Reed, git branch, git status, git add . , git commit -m "", git push
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 